Your Role:
Reflect on the role you were assigned in your group (Project Manager, Software Quality Assurance, UI/UX Designer, or Developer). Write about how you contributed to the project, what challenges you faced in this role, and what you learned.
	As an assigned SQA role in my group, I ensure that the delivery of projects is carefully tested before they are ready for release by designing a comprehensive test plan that aligns with the project requirements. This test plan includes the objectives of the projects, what is the in and out of the scope of the projects, test type (UI testing), test environment, test schedules, an overview of the test plan, and risk and mitigation. I also executed manual testing by Identifying defect reporting of models using test cases and test scenarios.  I work closely with my groups, especially my project manager team, helping me provide detailed reports and insights in enhancing code quality and modifying test structures and formats. The challenges I faced while contributing to the projects were balancing the priority of tight deadlines between researching resources, studying QA manuals, and executing these requirements. I have previously added unnecessary documents, and some defects require adjusting, replicating, and extending debugging test requirements. I learned that adaptability and continuous learning and improvement are the keys to maintaining efficiency at all times, and even the current test documents are mostly manuals and need to add at least some automation and best practices for the consistency of the project.


Teamwork Experience:
Share your experience working as part of a team. What went well? What could be improved? Reflect on how well the team communicated, delegated tasks, and collaborated to achieve the project goals.
Being flexible helps me to navigate unexpected changes and challenges. Since I was the only QA member in my group, it was difficult when having uncertain knowledge about implementation. Thankfully, my team helped me give an outline and coverage on initial stage manuals, resources online, and consulting to senior QA specialists. This information is enough to execute those documents at an early stage. All documents remain pending until some adjustments, improvements, and unnecessary documents. What went well is there are regular improvements and retrospectives to refine and modify the processes. What could be improved is best practices from manual to automation testing and some coordination practices for delayed and unclear requirements, which causes last-minute rework and structures. 


Personal Growth and Discipline:
Think about the disciplines you want to improve. For example:
As a Software Quality Assurance member, I want to enhance my technical and automation skills by expanding my coding knowledge, where I have no problem scripting some programming languages, gain automation tools for testing, have API knowledge and testing, and get hands-on in performance and security testing. I also want to improve agile collaboration and some test strategies where I can initiate the improvement process proactively. Lastly, I want to improve my communication skills and analytical skills effortlessly.
